Copyright Negoita Anca-Elena, 331 CA, 2023-2024

Tema 3 APD - BitTorrent
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BitTorrent is a process where clients can download files and, at the same time, give 
permission to other users to download files they already have or they also downloaded
previously. In order to have an organised structure, a tracker was used to store informations
about what segments of a file a client has, what files are seeding and how many files and
clients are. The client sends to the tracker the files it needs to download, the tracker
analyses how many segments of each file it already has and creates an array of elements
that have more segments than each file has, in order of the wanted files. The struct used
to store those informations is called torrentInfo:
- int user; - the user that has the wanted file
- int file; - the wanted file 
- char hashes[MAX_CHUNKS][HASH_SIZE]; - the segments of the file the user has
- int sizeFile; - the total size of the file 

The array is sent to the client and the client starts downloading 10 segments in total.
After analysing the structure, it downloads the number of segments necessary to finish 
the file, which means it either downloads the remaining segments of the file to complete it
and move to the next one, or 10 segments of the file. If a file is finished, the segments that where
collected are printed in a specific file, and the program continues. If the client downloaded
all the files it needed, it stops requesting files and stays in SEEDING. In the end, the
client sends all the informations it has for each file(the number of segments) to the tracker.

To simulate the process of requesting permission before acquiring a desired segment, the
client initiates the interaction with the other client by sending a request. This request is
essentially asking for permission to download the segment. Subsequently, the other client
responds by sending a confirmation message, granting permission for the download to proceed.

The swarming process happens inside the client function. It verifies how many users have the
segments it needs. If there are more users than wanted segments, then 1 segment will be taken 
from each one of them. If there are more segments, then the total number of wanted segments is
divided by the number of users, this process repeating after taking the segments from a file and
moving to the next user.

In the end, if all the clients finished downloading, then the tracker sends a message to the seeders
to stop uploading, and he closes himself.

MPI is used to send request and responses between each process. The tracker informs a client about
what it has, a client sends its current informations to the tracker, the tracker informs the seeders
to stop the program.